Update contributing section with guidance on backporting changes to older releases (#180)
nautobot/cookiecutter-nautobot-app: nautobot-app/{{ cookiecutter.project_slug }}/docs/dev/contributing.md

{{ cookiecutter.verbose_name }} will observe semantic versioning, as of 1.0. This may result in a quick turnaround in minor versions to keep pace with an ever-growing feature set.

### Backporting to Older Releases

> If you’d like to backport any fixes to prior major or minor versions of an app, please open an issue, comment on an existing issue, or post in the [Network to Code Slack](https://networktocode.slack.com/) (channel `#nautobot`) and we will create a `release-X.Y` branch for you to open your PR against.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are backporting any fixes to a prior major or minor versions of an app, please open an issue, comment on an existing issue, or post in the [Network to Code Slack](https://networktocode.slack.com/) (channel `#nautobot`).

We will create a `release-X.Y` branch for you to open your PR against from the latest tag in that train, and cut a new release once the PR is successfully merged.
```
